Refactor the reference section of the docs (#4311)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/docs/reference/strategies.rst

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.datetimes
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.timezones
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.timezone_keys
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.timedeltas

Recursive
---------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.recursive
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.deferred

Random
------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.randoms
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.random_module
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.register_random

Combinators
-----------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.one_of
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.composite
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.data

Typing
------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.from_type
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.register_type_strategy

Hypothesis
----------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.runner
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.shared

Misc
----

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.builds
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.functions
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.slices

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.sampled_from
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.permutations

> 

Author: categorization is hard...would be happy to hear advice on how to categorize the strategies (either these misc ones, or any of the other ones too)

.. _strategies:

Strategies Reference
====================

> Strategy objects tell Hypothesis what types of inputs to generate. For instance, passing ``st.lists(st.integers(), min_size=1)`` to |@given| tells Hypothesis to generate lists of integers with at least one element.
> 
> Strategies can be combined using :ref:`combinator strategies <combinators>`, or modified using |strategy.filter|, |strategy.map|, or |strategy.flatmap|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strategies are the way we describe values for |@given| to generate.  For instance, ``st.lists(st.integers(), min_size=1)`` tells Hypothesis to generate lists of integers with at least one element.

This reference page lists all of Hypothesis' first-party functions which return a strategy; there are also many provided by <third-party libraries>(xref), and you can define your own too.  Note that people often say "strategy" when they mean "function returning a strategy"; it's usually clear from context which they meant.

Strategies can be passed to many strategy functions as arguments, combined using :ref:`combinator strategies <combinators>`, and modified using |strategy.filter|, |strategy.map|, or |strategy.flatmap|.
```

Author: > Strategies can be passed to many strategy functions as arguments

I get the distinction you're making, and I think it's worth making, but this is a confusing sentence to parse imo. Bite the technical incorrectness and say "strategies can be passed to other strategies as arguments"?

I've applied a variant of this, but happy to tweak further

Reviewer: I do think we need to call out both the distinction and the common sloppy usage in this explanatory header, but don't care exactly how we do that.

Recursive
---------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.recursive
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.deferred

Random
------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.randoms
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.random_module
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.register_random

.. _combinators:

Combinators
-----------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.one_of
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.builds
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.composite
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.data

Typing
------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.from_type
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.register_type_strategy

Hypothesis
----------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.runner
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.shared

Misc
----

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.functions
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.slices
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.uuids
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.ip_addresses

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.sampled_from
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.permutations

Provisional
-----------

.. automodule:: hypothesis.provisional
  :members:

>   :exclude-members: DomainNameStrategy

Reviewer: We've only got two strategies in here; I'd be inclined to put them under `Strings` above.  (and include provisional in our all-documented test)

Author: I'm on board with this. How strongly should we be `.. warning` these strategies? I've never actually understood why these are provisional, the interface for domains and urls seem stable enough to me.

Reviewer: Not strongly imo, they're provisional more because of iirc unresolved design questions than real instability.

Related
-------

.. autoclass:: hypothesis.strategies.DataObject
.. autoclass:: hypothesis.strategies.DrawFn

.. autoclass:: hypothesis.strategies.SearchStrategy

  .. automethod:: hypothesis.strategies.SearchStrategy.filter
  .. automethod:: hypothesis.strategies.SearchStrategy.map

>   .. automethod:: hypothesis.strategies.SearchStrategy.flatmap

Reviewer: I think we can use syntax `:members: filter, map, flatmap` for this?

Author: this didn't work initially and I gave up trying to figure out why /shrug. It might be because we're overriding `__module__: str = "hypothesis.strategies"` in `SearchStrategy`, which is a pretty cursed thing to be doing in general tbh.

.. _strategies:

Strategies reference
====================

Primitives

> ----------

Reviewer: I think we'd really benefit from a paragraph of explanation right at the top of the reference page: what is a strategy?  the fact that you can combine them in various ways, and a link to `@given()`.

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.none
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.nothing
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.just
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.booleans

Numeric
-------

> .. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.integers

Reviewer: add a top-of-section (italic, not admonition) _See also: ref-numpy, ref-arrays, ref-pandas_.

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.floats
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.complex_numbers
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.decimals
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.fractions

> Text

Reviewer: "Strings", since we're including `binary()` here (which I think is the right place)

----

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.text
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.characters
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.from_regex
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.binary
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.emails
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.uuids

> .. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.ip_addresses

Reviewer: These aren't strings, they're [`IPAddress` objects](https://docs.python.org/3/library/ipaddress.html), and thus probably belong in misc.

Author: same with UUIDS then?

Reviewer: 🤦‍♂️ yes.  We could add a _see also_ note at the top of the section though, noting that you can access uuid / ip address strings via `st.uuids(...).map(str)` etc.

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.dictionaries
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.fixed_dictionaries
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.iterables

Datetime
--------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.dates
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.times
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.datetimes
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.timezones
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.timezone_keys
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.timedeltas

Recursive
---------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.recursive
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.deferred

Random
------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.randoms
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.random_module
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.register_random

Combinators
-----------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.one_of
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.composite
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.data

Typing
------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.from_type
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.register_type_strategy

Hypothesis
----------

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.runner
.. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.shared

Misc
----

> .. autofunction:: hypothesis.strategies.builds

Reviewer: belongs up in combinators imo.

number of entries they contain from their index strategy (with sensible defaults).
So e.g. a Series is specified by specifying its :class:`numpy.dtype` (and/or
a strategy for generating elements for it).

.. automodule:: hypothesis.extra.pandas
   :members:

Supported versions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There is quite a lot of variation between pandas versions. We only
commit to supporting the latest version of pandas, but older minor versions are
supported on a "best effort" basis.  Hypothesis is currently tested against
and confirmed working with every Pandas minor version from 1.1 through to 2.2.

Releases that are not the latest patch release of their minor version are not
tested or officially supported, but will probably also work unless you hit a
pandas bug.

.. _array-api:

Array API
---------

Hypothesis offers strategies for `Array API <https://data-apis.org/>`_ adopting
libraries in the ``hypothesis.extra.array_api`` package. See :issue:`3037` for
more details.  If you want to test with :pypi:`CuPy <cupy>`, :pypi:`Dask <dask>`, :pypi:`JAX <jax>`,
:pypi:`MXNet <maxnet>`, :pypi:`PyTorch <torch>`, :pypi:`TensorFlow <tensorflow>`, or :pypi:`Xarray <xarray>` -

> or just :pypi:`NumPy <numpy>` - this is the extension for you!

Reviewer: With [Xarray shipping upstream strategies](https://docs.xarray.dev/en/stable/user-guide/testing.html) (see https://github.com/pydata/xarray/issues/6911 and linked PRs), we might want to link to those docs + rephrase to something like "or TensorFlow - this is the extension for you!  Of course it also works with libraries like numpy-ref or xarray-link which have more specific strategies, if you want to stick to the standard array API.

Author: went for a slightly different format with a .. note

.. autofunction:: hypothesis.extra.array_api.make_strategies_namespace

The resulting namespace contains all our familiar strategies like
:func:`~xps.arrays` and :func:`~xps.from_dtype`, but based on the Array API
standard semantics and returning objects from the ``xp`` module:

.. automodule:: xps
   :members:

>         from_dtype,

Reviewer: Oooh... does your excellent new test check that this is complete?  It's not an importable module, exactly...
